I HAVEN'T SPENT THE NIGHT
IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS.
BROUGHT A MALBEC.
I WAS HOPING YOU COULD READ
THE LABEL TO ME IN SPANISH.
UH, OKAY, I'M IN YOUR KITCHEN
NOW, SO I'M GONNA HANG UP.
HEY, SAM, YOU UPSTAIRS?
[ HORN HONKS IN DISTANCE ]
[ SIREN WAILING IN DISTANCE ]
[ BABY COOS ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
HEY.
I THOUGHT
YOU WERE UPSTAIRS.
UH, MARLO SHOWED UP
A FEW HOURS AGO.
SHE'S COMPLETELY
EXHAUSTED.
THIS LI'ITLE FROG HAS BEEN,
YOU KNOW, CRYING ALL DAY LONG,
SO I'VE BEEN DOING LAPS
AROUND THE BLOCK
TO TRY TO CALM HER DOWN.
I TRIED TO CALL YOU FIRST.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
IT'S THURSDAY.
UH...
I-I COMPLETELY LOST TRACK.
IT'S OKAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT? YOU GOT
A LOT ON YOUR PLATE RIGHT NOW.
MAYBE YOU CAN SHARE THIS
WITH MARLO WHEN SHE WAKES UP.
THAT WOULD BE NICE.
SHE HAD NO PLACE ELSE
TO TAKE THE BABY.
SHE'S GOT TO GET
SOME SLEEP, OKAY?
SO, YOU KNOW,
WE DON'T WANT HER TO NOT SLEEP.
WE'RE ALL TRYING TO FIGURE
THIS OUT TOGETHER, REMEMBER?
YEAH. YEAH.
HOW COULD I FORGET?
ANDY. ANDY, COME ON.
I'M SORRY.
GOOD NIGHT.
PLEASE.
[ DOOR SLAMS ]
* BABY, LET ME STAY
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
* WHEN THE WORLD IS GONE
[ COUGHS ]
* PROMISE I'LL BEHAVE
* NEVER RIGHT YOUR WRONGS
I WAS GONNA SAY,
"I'LL HAVE WHAT SHE'S HAVING,"
BUT NOW
I'M RECONSIDERING.
* IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT?
EXCUSE ME.
CAN I GRAB A BEER?
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
SUPPOSED TO BE IN VANCOUVER.
NOT TILL TOMORROW.
I HAVE TO TESTIFY
AT STEVE PECK'S HEARING.
LUCKY YOU --
GET AWAY FROM ALL THIS DRAMA.
* SOMEONE YOU CAN FLAUNT
YOU KNOW, ANDY, YOU'RE PROBABLY
NEVER GONNA SEE ME AGAIN...
* LIKE THE OTHER TOYS?
...SO -- THANK YOU -- I MEAN,
IF YOU WANT TO TALK...
WE HAD PLANS...
SAM AND I.
NOT -- NOT JUST FOR TONIGHT.
I MEAN FOR OUR LIFE.
WE'RE GETTING MARRIED.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO MARRY HIM
IN THE MIDDLE OF ALL THIS?
A-ANOTHER THING I'M REALLY
CONFUSED ABOUT IS MARLO.
LIKE,
RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING,
SHE HAD PLANNED
TO DO THIS ON HER OWN.
SO, WHAT, SHE HAS NO OTHER
BACKUP PLAN OTHER THAN SAM?
* AHH
EXCUSE ME.
CAN YOU TOP HER UP?
WELL, HAVE YOU TALKED
TO SAM ABOUT IT?
AND SAY WHAT?
[ LIQUID POURING ]
WHAT CAN HE DO?
* AHH
I JUST WISH I COULD FAST-FORWARD
THROUGH ALL THIS, YOU KNOW?
YOU KNOW, ANDY,
I'M ORGANIZING A NEW
U.C. OPERATION IN VANCOUVER.
IT'S FIVE MONTHS,
AND I COULD USE
AN OPERATIVE
THAT'S UNKNOWN IN THE CITY.
YEAH, WELL, I PROMISED SAM
THAT I WOULD STICK BY HIM.
THINK OF IT AS HITTING PAUSE
TILL THE DUST SETTLES.
IT MIGHT BE GOOD.
THINK ABOUT IT.
* AHH
-- Captions by VITAC --
* BABY, I'LL BEHAVE
WHAT DOES MY OUTFIT
SAY TO YOU?
"I'M WEARING CLOTHES."
DOES IT SAY THAT,
"MY BROTHER IS A GOOD GUY,
SO PLEASE DON'T SEND HIM
TO PRISON"
OR THAT,
"I'M AN UNRELIABLE WITNESS,
SO PLEASE SEND HIM
TO THE ELECTRIC CHAIR"?
HEY. HEY.
BRING IT IN.
[ SCOFFS ]
OKAY?
YOU'RE GONNA GO IN THERE.
YOU'RE GONNA TELL THE TRUTH.
EVERYTHING ELSE
IS UP TO THE JUDGE.
I HATE TO ADMIT THIS,
BUT I REALLY DON'T KNOW
WHAT I WOULD DO WITHOUT YOU.
CALL ME AS SOON
AS YOU'RE OUT OF COURT.
INSPECTOR.
Gail: DAD.
CHRIS.
HI.
YOU LOOK NICE TODAY.
OH. THANK YOU.
YOU TOO.
50, DO YOU KNOW
WHICH COURTROOM IT IS?
YEAH, GAIL, I DO,
BUT LET'S HAVE A SEAT
AND TALK ABOUT
WHAT YOU'RE PLANNING
ON TELLING THE JUDGE
TODAY.
I WAS IN THE LOUNGE
WITH STEVE
AN HOUR BEFORE THE BOMB
WENT OFF.
HE'S GONNA NEED
A BETTER ALIBI THAN THAT.
DO YOU WANT ME TO LIE
AND SAY
THAT I WAS WITH STEVE
IN HIS OFFICE DRINKING COFFEE
WHEN THE BOMB WENT OFF?
YEAH.
THAT WOULD WORK.
AS LONG AS YOU WERE WITH HIM
BETWEEN 5:00 AND 6:00.
NOW, YOU LISTEN TO ME.
YOUR BROTHER WAS
A GUNS-AND-GANGS DETECTIVE.
HOW LONG DO YOU THINK
HE'D LAST IN PRISON?
I'D LIKE THAT, ACTUALLY.
YES.
HEY, CHECK IT OUT!
NEW LEAF, NEW ME.
I'M LEANER, I'M MEANER...
AND IT'S STILL
ON SLEEP MODE!
ALL RIGHT, I'LL BITE.
WHY THE NEW LEAF?
OH, YOU KNOW,
JUST EVERYTHING GOING ON
WITH MY STEPDAD
AND THE TRIAL, YOU KNOW.
IT'S --
BUT I-I GOT TO STAY FOCUSED,
KEEP MY EYES ON THE BALL,
YOU KNOW?
YOU KNOW, PLUS, I DON'T --
I DON'T WANT PEOPLE
TO ASSOCIATE ME
WITH WHAT HE DID,
YOU KNOW, SO...
BUT, I MEAN, HEY,
WHATEVER HAPPENS,
I STILL GOT YOU GUYS,
RIGHT?
[ GROANS ]
MWAH!
IT TURNS OUT YOUR DEODORANT'S
ON SLEEP MODE, TOO.
HEY. GEAR UP.
JARVIS WANTS US
IN THE SQUAD ROOM.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
THANK YOU FOR ATTENTION.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ CONVERSATIONS STOP ]
IN THE WAKE
OF THE CORRUPTIONS SCANDAL
THAT ROCKED THIS POLICE SERVICE,
EVERY DIVISION IN THE CITY
IS BEING RESTRUCTURED.
MANY OF YOU WILL BE TRANSFERRED,
PROMOTED, OR SHUFFLED
TO DIFFERENT PLATOONS.
WHAT?
Woman: WHAT?
UM, SIR, DO WE, UH --
DO WE GET A SAY IN
WHERE WE END UP, WHERE WE GO?
NO, YOU DON'T.
HOW IS SPLI'ITING US UP
GONNA MAKE THIS DIVISION BE'ITER?
WELL, IN THIS CASE,
IT DOESN'T MA'ITER.
THE CHIEF
IS DEMANDING A SHAKE-UP,
SO THAT'S WHAT
HE'S GE'ITING. SHAW.
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
HE CANNOT BE SERIOUS
RIGHT NOW.
I WILL GIVE YOU MORE INFORMATION
WHEN I HAVE IT.
OFFICER SHAW
WILL GIVE OUT YOUR ASSIGNMENTS.
I'M NOT GOING BACK
TO 27.
SHE'S NOT GOING BACK
RIGHT, WELL, THINK OF IT
AS AN OPPORTUNITY
TO STEP OUTSIDE
YOUR COMFORT ZONE --
I DON'T KNOW --
TRY SOMETHING NEW.
IF I WANT THAT,
I'LL GO TO ZUMBA.
SEE? THAT'S THE SPIRIT, NASH.
UM, LET'S DEAL WITH TODAY.
UH, MOORE,
YOU'RE ON THE FRONT DESK.
MCSTEIN, YOU GOT TO GET OVER
TO CITY VIEW MUSIC FESTIVAL.
SOME SCALPERS ARE BUGGING KIDS.
WHAT?
"DICE," YOU'RE ON PATROL.
ARE WE "DICE"?
YEAH, I'M SORRY.
NOT EVERY ONE OF THESE NAMES
CAN BE A WINNER.
COLLINS, UH,
YOU'RE IN BOOKING.
YOU'RE WITH ME.
RIGHT.
WE GOT A JOB TO DO, FOLKS.
LET'S GO DO IT.
DON'T WORRY.
I'M JUST TAKING IT OFF
FOR WORK.
OKAY. HOW ARE YOU?
OTHER THAN THE BOMB
THAT JARVIS DROPPED ON US,
I GUESS
I'M DOING PRETTY GREAT.
YEAH, OLIVER CALLED ME.
HE'S, UH, WORKING BOOKING TODAY.
HE HASN'T WORKED BOOKING
SINCE, UH, I HAD LONG HAIR
AND A MUSTACHE.
HMM.
[ SIGHS ]
I'M -- I'M REALLY SORRY
ABOUT LAST NIGHT, OKAY?
IT WAS LATE.
I WAS TIRED.
I WASN'T THINKING.
OH, I KNOW. I KNOW.
I KNOW.
[ SIGHS ]
IT'S MUCH DEEPER
THAN THAT.
OKAY.
LAST NIGHT,
I CAME OVER...
AND I INTERRUPTED
A FAMILY --
ONE THAT I HAVE
NO PART OF.
THE FACT IS, SAM,
THE LIFE THAT I WANTED WITH YOU,
YOU'RE ACTUALLY HAVING
WITH SOMEBODY ELSE.
AND THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO ABOUT IT.
UH, I DON'T THINK
THAT'S RIGHT.
UH, THE LIFE
THAT YOU AND I WANT,
I-I'M NOT HAVING
WITH ANYONE ELSE, OKAY?
WELL,
IT FEELS LIKE IT.
YOU AND I ARE GONNA HAVE
THE LIFE THAT WE WANT TOGETHER.
WE WILL HAVE THAT,
BUT WE GOT TO STICK TOGETHER
AND FIGURE IT OUT,
LIKE WE PROMISED.
FIGURE WHAT --
[ SCOFFS ]
HOW DO YOU WANT TO ACTUALLY
DO THAT, PRACTICALLY?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT THIS IS IT.
HERE WE ARE,
WE-- WE'RE WORKING IT OUT.
YEAH, BUT WE'RE
NOT WORKING IT OUT
'CAUSE IT'S NOT WORKING --
FOR ME.
OKAY, THEN HOW CAN
WE MAKE IT WORK FOR YOU?
LOOK, SAM,
I HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT?
JULIET OFFERED ME A U.C. GIG
IN VANCOUVER.
ONLY BE
ABOUT FIVE MONTHS.
YOU KNOW,
MAYBE I SHOULD TAKE OFF
AND, UH, JUST PRESS PAUSE
ON THIS FOR A LITTLE BIT.
YOU SAID --
YOU PROMISED
YOU WEREN'T GONNA
DO THAT ANYMORE.
I'M ONLY BRINGING THIS UP
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE...
YOU MIGHT BE ABLE TO GET
A HANDLE ON BEING A NEW FATHER,
AND I WOULD HAVE SPACE
TO CLEAR MY HEAD.
CALL IT WHAT YOU WANT.
THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS IS.
THIS IS ANDY MCNALLY
RUNNING AWAY ONE MORE TIME.
I'M NOT RUNNING.
I GUESS I SHOULD HAVE SEEN
THAT COMING, RIGHT?
SHOULD I HAVE
SEEN THAT COMING?
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT,
I'VE GOT SOME WORK TO DO,
SO I'M JUST GONNA GO
AND DO THAT, OKAY?
YEAH, YOU SHOULD GO DO IT.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ SIGHS ]
NICK!
2 MILK,
1 1/2 SUGAR?
YEAH.
YEAH, AND THAT EXTRA HALF SUGAR
REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE.
PACKING UP?
YEAH, YEAH, I, UH --
I LEAVE TONIGHT.
WOW, WELL, I GUESS I SHOULD
SAY SOMETHING THEN.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT THAT WOULD BE.
WELL, LOOK,
THEN CAN I TALK?
I'M REALLY SORRY...
FOR THE 100th TIME.
I'M SORRY.
I MEAN, THAT'S 101.
I'M SORRY, TOO.
AND FOR THE RECORD,
YOU KNOW,
I TRIED TO KEEP MY DISTANCE
WHEN I FIRST GOT HERE.
YEAH,
BUT YOU DIDN'T.
LOOK,
I THOUGHT I KNEW YOU.
THE FACT YOU COULD KEEP
ALL THAT HIDDEN
WITHOUT EVEN BA'ITING
AN EYE...
WOW.
I REALLY THOUGHT THAT YOU WERE
GONNA SAY SOMETHING ELSE.
YEAH, WELL, ME TOO.
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ]
YOU THOUGHT ABOUT WHERE YOU'D GO
IF YOU HAD A CHOICE?
YEAH,
BACK IN TIME 9 1/2 MONTHS.
YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
I KIND OF LIKED WORKING
INTELLIGENCE WITH MARLO.
SORRY TO BRING HER UP.
IT'S FINE.
YOU WANT TO TALK
ABOUT IT?
NO, I REALLY DON'T.
I JUST WANT TO WORK.
WELL,
I DON'T SEE ANY SCALPERS.
HEY.
I DO SEE A DRUNK GIRL.
COME ON, TAMMY.
THIS WAY.
HEY, IS SHE OKAY?
UH, YEAH,
I'M SORRY, OFFICER...S.
UH, SHE'S JUST
A LITTLE DRUNK.
I NEED TO GO HOME.
NO, I KNOW. I KNOW.
WE'RE LEAVING.
UH, WE'RE JUST GONNA GO WAIT
FOR THE BUS, OKAY?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'LL GIVE YOU A RIDE.
OH.
CAR'S OVER HERE.
WOW. THANKS.
UH, I DON'T HAVE A CAR
'CAUSE, UH, WE'RE SAVING UP
FOR OUR OWN PLACE.
AND A DOG -- A SPRINGER.
THAT'S TAMMY'S LAST NAME.
VERY COOL.
I LOVE DOGS.
TAMMY, DON'T THROW UP
IN THE CAR, PLEASE.
OH, MY PURSE.
MY PURSE -- I LEI-T IT
IN THE MEDICAL TENT. I NEED --
YEAH. OKAY,
I'LL COME BACK AND GET IT.
IT'S MY MOM'S.
I'LL COME BACK AND GET IT
WHEN YOU'RE HOME SAFE, OKAY?
[ CROWD CHEERING ]
TAM MY? TAM MY?
WHOA. HEY.
[ GRUNTING ]
DOV?
HEY,
HER PULSE IS RACING.
THIS IS 1511.
GIVE ME YOUR SWEATER.
WE NEED EMS TO
THE CITY VIEW MUSIC FESTIVAL.
WE'RE BACKSTAGE,
NEAR THE HOLDING AREA.
PUT IT UNDER HER HEAD.
MAN: Copy that. 1504.
OKAY.
We're dispatching EMS...
IS SHE GONNA BE OKAY?
AAH!
SAM.
SAM !
[ SIGHS ]
YOU GOT TO GO EASY
ON THIS BABY, ALL RIGHT?
I'M A REASONABLE MAN.
AM I NOT?
UH...YEAH, UM...
I TELL THEM, "SAM SWAREK,
HE LOVES HIS SALT AND VINEGAR.
"YOU GOT TO GO HEAW
ON THOSE THINGS.
YOU KNOW,
TWO ROWS AT LEAST."
YOU STICK TOGETHER EVEN THROUGH
THE DIFFICULT TIMES, RIGHT?
YES. YEAH.
THAT'S -- THAT'S THE PLAN,
RIGHT, IN THEORY,
BUT THERE'S GONNA BE --
THERE'S GONNA BE TRANSFERS.
THERE'S GONNA BE THE ODD
NEW DIVISION, NEW PLATOONS.
YOU KNOW, I JUST --
I KEEP TELLING MYSELF,
"WE'LL ALWAYS HAVE
THE PENNY."
WELL, YOU CAN'T SHOW UP
AT THE PENNY IF YOU'RE
WORKING IN VANCOUVER.
NONE OF US ARE GOING
TO VANCOUVER.
NOT US.
MCNALLY.
WARD OFFERED HER
A U.C. GIG.
IN VANCOUVER?
HAVE YOU --
YOU GUYS TALKED ABOUT THIS?
YES.
LIKE REALLY TALKED
ABOUT IT?
YEAH, I-I TALKED WITH HER,
OKAY?
OKAY, AND?
AND IT DIDN'T MAKE
ANY DIFFERENCE.
SHE IS REALLY,
REALLY UPSET
ABOUT THE WHOLE
"MARLO AND THE BABY" THING,
AND APPARENTLY,
I'VE MISSED HOW UPSET SHE IS.
WAIT. OKAY.
LISTEN, BUDDY.
WHEN MY KIDS WERE BORN,
FIRST FEW WEEKS,
I DIDN'T -- I-I BARELY NOTICED
IF I WAS WEARING PANTS.
OKAY, THAT STUFF...
ANDY MCNALLY LOVES YOU.
AND IF SHE GOES...
YOU GUYS --
THE -- YOU -- SHE --
YOU CAN, UM...
I DON'T -- I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW.
THAT'S IT?
OKAY, THANKS, PAL.
THANKS FOR THE GOOD TALK.
[ STAMMERS, SIGHS ]
IT -- [ SIGHS ]
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ]
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
I THINK
SHE LEI-T IT OVER THERE.
ALL RIGHT.
EASY. E-EASY.
HEY, DO YOU NEED
SOME HELP?
NO, NO, NO.
I'M GOOD. THANKS.
DRUGS ARE A BIG PROBLEM
AT THESE FESTIVALS.
YOU KNOW,
I TRY TO KEEP THEM OUT,
BUT THERE'S ONLY SO MUCH
I CAN DO.
UH, PEYTON O'BRIEN.
ANDY.
I'M THE PROMOTER.
BEEN MAKING THE ROUNDS
THIS MORNING,
BRINGING IN ANY KIDS
WHO SEEM OFF.
OR UNCONSCIOUS.
YEAH.
FOUND THIS ONE DEAD
ON HER FEET LIKE A ZOMBIE,
NO CLUE WHERE SHE WAS
OR HOW SHE GOT HERE.
SHE WASN'T THE ONLY ONE.
YOU BROUGHT THEM IN, TOO?
LAST NIGHT.
WHAT'S THAT EXPRESSION?
UH, ONE TIME'S AN INCIDENT,
TWO TIMES A COINCIDENCE...
THREE'S A PA'ITERN.
EXACTLY.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
EXCUSE ME.
YEAH.
HEY, DOV. WHAT'S UP?
TAMMY'S TOX-SCREEN RESULTS
JUST CAME BACK IN.
HER BLOOD TESTED POSITIVE
FOR TWO TYPES OF DRUGS --
ECSTASY, WHICH IS PRETTY COMMON
AT MUSIC FESTIVALS,
and flunitrazepam.
SORRY, WHAT'S THAT?
ROOFIES.
SOMEBODY ROOFIED HER,
OR AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE.
WELL, SHE MIGHT NOT BE
THE ONLY ONE.
I'M GONNA CALL SAM.
KEEP ME UPDATED
ON TAMMY'S CONDITION, OKAY?
WILL DO.
[ MONITOR BEEPING ]
HEY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THIS IS SO GREAT.
THIS IS
EXACTLY WHAT I NEED.
OKAY, SO, UH,
THAT'S HOW THIS IS GONNA BE.
HOW DID YOU THINK
THAT THIS WAS GONNA BE?
YOU LIED, YOU SNUCK AROUND
COLLECTING ALL OUR SECRETS,
AND NOW YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SHARE THEM WITH A JUDGE.
GAIL...
I DIDN'T PUT YOUR BROTHER
IN THIS SITUATION.
HE PUT HIMSELF HERE.
JULIET.
MM-HMM?
HOW'S MY EX DOING?
SORRY?
NICHOLAS -- HOW HE'S DOING?
OH, I FORGOT.
HE WANTS NOTHING
TO DO WITH YOU, EITHER.
YEAH.
AND I DON'T BLAME HIM.
PLEASE DON'T DO THAT.
IT IS MUCH HARDER
FOR ME TO HATE YOU
WHEN YOU HATE YOURSELF.
SO, UM, HOW IS THE --
HOW'S THE ADOPTION GOING?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
NO, I WAS SUPPOSED TO MEET
MY CASE WORKER THIS MORNING.
[ GASPS ]
LAURALEE, I KNOW. I KNOW.
I'M SO SORRY.
[ BREATH ES DEEPLY ]
NO, I CAN'T
BECAUSE I'M AT THE --
I'M AT THE COURTHOUSE
RIGHT NOW.
YEAH, NO,
I CAN MEET YOU HERE.
UM...
YEAH, LAURALEE,
I'M -- I'M SO SORRY.
[ SIGHS ]
I HOPE THAT
EVERYTHING'S OKAY.
YOU'RE TRYING
TO PUT MY BROTHER IN PRISON,
SO WHY DON'T YOU
JUST STOP BEING NICE TO ME?
I JUST FIND IT
VERY CONFUSING.
BRYCE, UH, WHEN DID TAMMY
START ACTING ERRATICALLY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED.
YOU WEREN'T WITH HER LAST NIGHT,
WERE YOU?
HER PARENTS
WOULD HAVE FREAKED OUT
IF THEY KNEW
SHE WAS HERE ALONE,
SO SHE ASKED ME
TO COVER FOR HER.
SHE CAME TO THE FESTIVAL
BY HERSELF?
[ SIGHS ]
SHE LOVES THE BAND
THAT PLAYED LAST NIGHT,
SO SHE BOUGHT A V.I.P. PASS
FROM A SCALPER.
THEN THIS MORNING,
SHE CALLED ME
AND SAID
SHE WASN'T FEELING WELL,
ASKED ME TO COME
AND PICK HER UP.
WHY DIDN'T YOU COME
WITH HER LAST NIGHT?
I WAS AT WORK.
I'M WORKING EXTRA SHIFTS SO
I CAN BUY TAMMY A VINTAGE RING.
IT'S DIAMONDS AND SAPPHIRES.
[ CHUCKLES ]
DIAMONDS
'CAUSE THEY LAST FOREVER
AND SAPPHIRES 'CAUSE
THEY'RE BLUE LIKE HER EYES.
DETECTIVE,
YOU GOT A MINUTE?
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
UH, YEAH.
BRYCE, PLEASE TRY TO
REMEMBER EVERYTHING YOU CAN
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED AND TELL IT
TO OFFICER MCNALLY, OKAY?
THANK YOU.
JUST FINISHED TALKING
TO THE MEDIC.
THE ONLY THING
THOSE TWO GIRLS HAD IN COMMON
WAS THE V.I.P. PASS.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
HUH.
TAMMY HAD ONE, TOO.
MM-HMM.
OFFICERS...
THIS MIGHT
ACTUALLY BE MY FAULT.
UM, LOOK,
I-I'VE BEEN TAKING STEPS
TO CLEAN UP THE FESTIVAL,
BUT I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN.
SHOULD HAVE KNOWN WHAT?
THIS HAS
HAPPENED BEFORE.
THERE WAS AN INCIDENT
LAST TIME THESE GUYS WERE HERE.
INCIDENT?
WHAT KIND OF INCIDENT?
THEY GOT CAUGHT WITH SOME
UNDERAGE GIRLS ON THE BUS.
GAVE THEM BOOZE AND PILLS
AND, WELL, YOU KNOW THE REST.
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
HEY! HEY, BREAK IT UP!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
HEY. HEY! DUMMIES!
USUALLY WHEN YOU'RE DOING
SOMETHING ILLEGAL
AND YOU SEE THE POLICE,
YOU STOP AND RUN
OR YOU ACT LIKE
YOU'RE INNOCENT.
BASIC RULES OF CRIME-ING.
HE THREW THE FIRST PUNCH,
OFFICER.
HAUL HIM IN.
YOU BIT ME.
YOU CALL THAT A BITE?
THAT WAS NOTHING.
I'LL SHOW YOU A BITE.
YOU GUYS
THE STONE BROTHERS?
YEAH, WHAT? YOU WANT
AN AUTOGRAPH OR SOMETHING?
DETECTIVE SWAREK,
METRO POLICE.
I'VE GOT SOME QUESTIONS
FOR YOU.
I NEED YOU TO COME DOWN
TO THE STATION WITH ME.
YOU WANT TO
QUESTION SOMEONE,
ASK HIM WHERE'S OUR MONEY
FROM LAST NIGHT'S SHOW.
WE PUT OUR BLOOD, SWEAT,
AND GUTS IN THAT SHOW!
OH, DID YOU, NOW?
THAT'S GROSS. CALM DOWN.
IT'S A METAPHOR, HONEY.
OH, I THINK IT'S AN IDIOM.
OH, YOU' AN IDIOM!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
HEY! HEY!
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
BRENT STONE, MIKE STONE...
SHUT UP!
...YOU'RE BOTH UNDER ARREST
FOR ASSAULT.
WHAT, FOR BITING?
WE'LL START WITH THAT.
DIAZ, PRICE,
GET THEM OUT OF HERE.
THIS WILL NOT --
IT WILL NOT HAPPEN AGAIN.
I PROMISE.
THIS IS ALREADY
THE SECOND APPOINTMENT
THAT YOU'VE MISSED
WITH SOPHIE.
YEAH, BUT MY LIFE IS
JUST VERY CHAOTIC RIGHT NOW.
WELL, HOW IS IT GONNA BE
WHEN YOU HAVE AN 8-YEAR-OLD?
YEAH, BUT THESE ARE
EXTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCES,
AND MY LIFE IS GONNA GO BACK
TO NORMAL.
EVERYTHING -- EVERYTHING
IS GONNA GO BACK TO NORMAL.
GAIL, THERE'S ANOTHER FAMILY
INTERESTED IN ADOPTING SOPHIE.
NO.
THEY'RE A GOOD FAMILY.
THEY'RE RELIABLE.
NO, I'M S--
I CAN'T
HEAR ABOUT THEM.
LOOK, I HAVE TO THINK ABOUT
WHAT'S BEST FOR SOPHIE.
PLEASE.
YOU HAVE TO JUST LET ME
GET THROUGH THIS DAY.
I'M BEGGING YOU.
THERE'S NOTHING THAT I WANT MORE
THAN TO BE HER MOM.
JUST --
JUST LET ME PROVE IT.
PLEASE.
OKAY.
[ SIGHS ]
50, HOW WAS YOUR SHOW
LAST NIGHT?
IT WAS FINE.
[ SCOFFS ]
WELL...HE WAS FINE.
I WAS EXCELLENT.
YOU GUYS MUST HAVE SOME CRAZY,
YOUNG GROUPIES, HUH?
NOT INTO
THE YOUNG GIRLS.
NOTHING TO TALK ABOUT,
NOTHING IN COMMON.
IS THAT RIGHT?
IS THAT WHAT YOU LIKE TO DO
WITH THE YOUNG GIRLS
THAT COME TO YOUR SHOWS?
YOU LIKE TO TALK?
WE DON'T MESS AROUND
WITH THE KIDS, MAN.
WE WERE TOLD ABOUT, UH,
AN INCIDENT ON YOUR TOUR BUS
TWO YEARS AGO
WITH SOME MINORS.
BUT LUCKILY YOU HAD THE MONEY
TO MAKE IT GO AWAY.
WE WERE AS HIGH AS A KITE
THAT NIGHT.
WERE YOU HIGH
LAST NIGHT?
SO, YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW FOUR TEENAGE GIRLS
GOT ROOFIED BACKSTAGE
AT YOUR SHOW?
IT COULDN'T HAVE BEEN US,
OKAY, BECAUSE --
DON'T. BRENT, DON'T.
NO, MAN.
YOU CAN GO TO PRISON
WITH A SEX-OFFENDER TARGET
ON YOUR BACK IF YOU WANT TO,
NOT ME.
KEEP TALKING.
WE'RE IN THE PROGRAM,
AND WE'VE BEEN CLEAN
SINCE THAT NIGHT.
I MEAN, WE DON'T EVEN HANG OUT
BACKSTAGE AFTER OUR SHOWS NOW.
IT'S JUST TOO EASY
TO SLIP BACK INTO BAD HABITS.
SO,
YOU'RE CLEAN AND SOBER?
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT'S THAT?
THAT'S 20 ROOFIES.
THEY WERE FOUND IN A CRATE
OF SPARKLING WATER
ON YOUR TOUR BUS.
OBVIOUSLY,
THEY'RE NOT OURS.
SO, YOU'RE SAYING THAT SOMEONE
ROOFIED A BUNCH OF GIRLS,
UH, Al-TER YOUR SHOW LAST NIGHT
AND STASHED THOSE ON YOUR BUS?
THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE SAYING.
WHY WOULD SOMEBODY
DO THAT?
BECAUSE WE'RE JERKS,
ALL RIGHT?
OR AT LEAST,
WE USED TO BE.
THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE WE'VE
SCREWED OVER IN OUR LIVES --
I WOULDN'T KNOW
WHERE TO START.
YEAH,
BUT THERE IS ONE GUY.
[ SCOFFS ]
A SECURITY GUY
NAMED RUSTY.
HE'S BEEN
IN AND OUT OF OUR BUS.
I'M LOOKING FOR A SECURITY GUARD
NAMED RUSTY.
UH, YEAH, HE'S ON THE,
UH, NIGHT SHIl-T.
HE'S PROBABLY HOME SLEEPING.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M GONNA NEED
HIS ADDRESS.
YEAH.
I KEEP ALL THE EMPLOYEE RECORDS
ON MY LAPTOP.
GREAT.
PLEASE.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
WELL, THEY'RE RIGHT.
THERE'S PLENTY OF PEOPLE
WITH A REASON TO HATE THOSE TWO.
WHERE DO
YOU EVEN START?
I'M, UH, GONNA START
ON THE TOUR BUS
WITH THOSE
UNDERAGE GIRLS.
RECORDS IS SENDING ME
THE INCIDENT REPORT.
LET'S HOPE YOU HAVE BE'ITER LUCK
THAN I'VE BEEN HAVING.
YEAH, LET'S HOPE.
DAMN.
SHE'S SHOWING
MORE BELLY THAN SHAKIRA.
AREN'T YOU ON RECEPTION.
YEAH,
BUT, DETECTIVE NASH...
...I'VE MESSED UP SO MUCH
SINCE BEING HERE, YOU KNOW?
AND NOW MY STEPDAD
IS GOING TO TRIAL FOR --
YOU ARE NOTHING LIKE HIM.
YOU'RE A GOOD COP.
[ STAMMERS ]
NO ONE'S EVER SAID THAT
TO ME BEFORE.
THANK YOU.
HEY,
TAKE A LOOK AT THIS.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
THESE WERE TAKEN LAST NIGHT,
BACKSTAGE, AFTER THE SHOW.
I PULLED THEM FROM THE VICTIM'S
SOCIAL-MEDIA ACCOUNTS.
OKAY.
THE PROBLEM IS
THE BAND'S NOT IN ANY OF THEM,
WHICH MEANS
THEY'RE TELLING THE TRUTH --
WE DON'T
HAVE A SUSPECT.
OKAY, WELL,
WHAT ABOUT THAT GUY?
I MEAN,
HE'S IN MOST OF THESE PHOTOS.
WELL, HE'S A PROMOTER.
IT'S HIS FESTIVAL.
MY COUSIN
IS ONE OF THE ORGANIZERS
AT THE ELVISFEST
IN MICHIGAN.
OKAY.
POINT IS, HE'S GOT ACCESS
TO ALL THE BUSES.
Sam:
NASH, REPORT'S IN.
UH...ANY CONNECTION
TO A PEYTON O'BRIEN?
LOOK -- ONE OF THE VICTIMS
ON THE TOUR-BUS ASSAULT.
KIRSTEN O'BRIEN.
YEP.
MCNALLY.
ARE YOU WITH PEYTON?
PEYTON IS THE ONE
WHO DRUGGED THE GIRLS.
I GUESS I AM A GOOD COP.
YEP.
PEYTON THE PROMOTER?
ARE YOU SURE?
WHY WOULD HE DRUG GIRLS
AT HIS OWN FESTIVAL?
IT'S BAD PRESS.
YEAH, WE'LL GO GRAB HIM.
HEY. SO, IT WAS PEYTON
WHO DRUGGED TAMMY.
HE'S TRYING TO PIN IT
ON THE BAND.
OFFICER, WHY ARE YOU NOT
AT THE HOSPITAL?
BRYCE,
I NEED YOU TO SIT DOWN.
WHY ARE YOU
NOT AT THE HOSPITAL?
HAVE A SEAT.
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ]
TAMMY PASSED AWAY.
WHAT?
SHE WENT
INTO CARDIAC ARREST.
DOCTORS WEREN'T
ABLE TO REVIVE HER.
YOU SEE, HER -- HER --
HER HEART IS,
UH, SO STRONG.
SHE WOULDN'T LEAVE ME.
[ CRIES ]
DOV: IS THERE ANYBODY
YOU WANT US TO CALL?
WHY DIDN'T I JUST GO
WITH HER LAST NIGHT?
BRYCE,
THIS ISN'T YOUR FAULT.
YOU CAN'T BLAME YOURSELF
FOR THIS.
I DON'T
HAVE ANYONE ELSE.
I NEED TO CALL
TAMMY'S PARENTS.
YOU SHOULD CALL CHLOE.
[ KEYS CLACKING ]
UGH.
GENERATOR CONKED OUT.
BA'ITERY'S DEAD.
WELL, YOU MUST HAVE
HARD COPIES
OF THE EMPLOYEE RECORDS
HERE SOMEWHERE, NO?
YEAH, WHY DON'T YOU, UM,
CHECK THAT FILING CABINET?
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
OKAY.
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATING ]
HEY, DOV.
YEAH, I'M STILL LOOKING
FOR THE ADDRESS.
OKAY, UM...
YEAH, NO, I GOT IT.
[ DRAWER CLOSES ]
WHO WAS THAT?
WHO'S THIS?
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
THAT'S MY LI'ITLE SISTER --
KIRSTY.
SHE HAS
A BEAUTIFUL SMILE.
YEAH, THAT, UH...
PHOTO WAS TAKEN A LONG TIME AGO.
SO, YOU GUYS CLOSE?
AS CLOSE AS CAN BE,
CONSIDERING.
CONSIDERING?
CONSIDERING WHAT?
SOMETHING HAPPENED TO HER
A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO,
AND SHE --
SHE NEVER REALLY RECOVERED.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I THINK YOU KNOW.
WHAT I KNOW
IS THAT YOU TRIED
TO SET UP MIKE AND BRENT
BECAUSE OF WHAT THEY DID.
YEAH, WHAT THEY DID
NEVER EVEN WENT TO COURT
BECAUSE THERE WAS
NO RELIABLE WITNESSES.
DID YOU KNOW THAT,
UM --
THAT BEING DRUGGED
MAKES YOU UNRELIABLE?
[ CHUCKLES ]
THE SYSTEM FAILED.
YOU TRIED TO GET EVEN.
I GET IT.
YEAH, JUST BECAUSE
THEY'RE SOBER,
I'M SUPPOSED TO, WHAT,
JUST FORGIVE AND MOVE ON?
MY SISTER HASN'T LEI-T THE HOUSE
IN TWO YEARS.
THE THING IS, PEYTON,
ONE OF THE GIRLS
THAT YOU ROOFIED -- SHE DIED.
NO.
NO, I-I-I MADE SURE
THEY WERE OKAY.
I LOOKED Al-TER THEM.
LOOK, I'M REALLY SORRY ABOUT
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR SISTER,
BUT I NEED YOU TO TURN AROUND
AND GET DOWN ON YOUR KNEES.
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
[ HANDCUFFS CLINKING ]
PEYTON O'BRIEN,
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST FOR MURDER.
DO YOU SMELL SOMETHING?
[ DOORKNOB RATTLING ]
WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT?
HEY,
I JUST FOUND OUT
THE PROMOTER'S TRAILER'S
BACKSTAGE.
CHLOE'S NOT PICKING UP.
HAVE YOU SEEN BRYCE?
HE WAS MAKING A CALL,
AND NOW I CAN'T FIND HIM.
CHLOE:
This is Chloe. 10-33.
I am trapped
in the promoter's trailer.
It's on fire.
The trailer is on fire.
LET'S GO.
WE NEED TO FIND SOMETHING
TO BREAK THE DOOR DOWN, OKAY?
YEAH.
[ BOTH COUGHING ]
HEY, BRYCE!
BRYCE!
GET AWAY FROM THERE!
MOVE BACK!
HE KILLED TAMMY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
Chris: I'M GONNA GRAB
THE FIRE EXTINGUISHER
FROM THE BACK
OF THE CAR.
OKAY.
CHLOE! CHLOE, HANG ON!
WE'RE GONNA GET YOU
OUT OF THERE!
GREAT!
THAT WOULD BE GREAT!
Andy: DISPATCH, WE NEED FIRE
AND EMS TO THE SOUTH LOT
OF THE CITY VIEW
MUSIC FESTIVAL NOW!
MOVE ANYTHING FLAMMABLE
AWAY FROM THE DOOR.
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
CHLOE, ARE YOU OKAY?!
NO, DON'T!
CHLOE!
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
SHE'S NOT BREATHING.
I NEED THAT FIRE OUT NOW!
CHRIS: Yeah, I got it.
I'm here.
[ FIRE EXTINGUISHER BLOWING ]
IT'S CLEAR.
[ GRUNTS ]
[ COUGHING ]
CHLOE. CHLOE.
OKAY, CHLOE, BREATHE.
BREATHE.
CHLOE? COME ON.
[ COUGHING ]
YOU'RE GONNA BE FINE.
JUST TAKE A BREATH.
CHLOE, I NEED YOU
TO TAKE A BREATH, OKAY?
[ COUGHING ]
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG?
[ COUGHS ]
[ CAMERA BEEPS, SHU'ITER CLICKS ]
ALL RIGHT, JUST STICK HIM
IN THE BULLPEN
TILL THE D's
ARE READY FOR HIM.
THAT KID HAD HIS WHOLE LIFE
AHEAD OF HIM.
NOT ANYMORE.
BUT YOU'RE JUST HANGING OUT HERE
LIKE YOU GOT
ALL THE TIME IN THE WORLD
TO CHOOSE THE RIGHT ONE.
I JUST DON'T KNOW
IF I COULD TRUST HER AGAIN.
ISN'T THAT SOMETHING
YOU'RE GONNA
WANT TO KNOW FOR SURE?
LISTEN, NICK, IF JULIA LEAVES,
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA KNOW HER.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
YOU KNOW, GAIL,
I DIDN'T WANT TO FIND ANYTHING
WHEN I CAME TO 15.
I WANTED TO BE HAPPY
WITH NICK.
I WANTED TO BE
PART OF THE FAMILY.
BUT I HAD A JOB TO DO.
SO, Al-TER EVERYTHING
THAT IT COST YOU,
YOU'RE OKAY
WITH THE CHOICES YOU MADE?
HERE'S WHAT I DO KNOW --
I CAN LIVE WITH MYSELF.
I CAN LOOK IN THE MIRROR
AND STILL SEE ME.
AND SOMETIMES
THAT'S ALL YOU CAN HOPE FOR.
[ FOOTSTEPS DEPART ]
THEY'RE READY FOR YOU.
DO YOU SWEAR TO TELL THE TRUTH,
THE WHOLE TRUTH,
AND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTH,
SO HELP YOU GOD?
I DO.
Judge: LET'S BEGIN.
MS. SWAIN.
THANK YOU, YOUR HONOR.
OFFICER PECK,
CAN YOU TELL US WHAT HAPPENED
THE DAY
OF THE EVIDENCE-ROOM EXPLOSION?
Al-TER WE CAUGHT
TED MCDONALD,
WE ALL TOOK A BREATHER
WHILE DETECTIVE SWAREK
TRIED TO GET A CONFESSION.
THEN I WENT TO THE LOUNGE,
AND THAT'S WHERE I SAW STEVE.
AND DID YOU TALK?
YES.
ABOUT WHAT?
I ASKED HIM
TO BE THE GODFATHER
OF THE CHILD
I'M ABOUT TO ADOPT.
AND HE MADE SOME STUPID JOKE
ABOUT MARLON BRANDO
AND THEN HE --
HE HUGGED ME AND HE SAID
HE WOULD BE HONORED.
AND WHAT TIME WAS THAT?
THAT WAS ABOUT AN HOUR
BEFORE THE BOMB WENT OFF.
AND HOW LONG WERE YOU
WITH YOUR BROTHER?
IT WAS A WHILE.
CAN YOU BE
MORE SPECIFIC?
THERE WAS
JUST A LOT GOING ON,
SO I-I WASN'T PAYING A'ITENTION
TO THE TIME.
DID YOU TWO GO ANYWHERE ELSE
AFTER THE, UH, LOUNGE?
YEAH, WE WERE GONNA
GRAB A COFFEE,
AND WE WERE GONNA GO
TO HIS OFFICE.
SO, YOU WERE
WITH STEVE IN HIS OFFICE,
DRINKING COFFEE,
WHEN THE BOMB WENT OFF?
THAT'S NOT WHAT I SAID.
SORRY. I'M HAVING TROUBLE
FOLLOWING.
GAIL, WERE YOU
WITH YOUR BROTHER
BETWEEN 5:00 AND 6:00 P.M.
ON THE DATE IN QUESTION?
STEVE AND I WERE --
GAIL.
WE --
ANSWER
THE DAMN QUESTION.
Judge:
SIT DOWN, INSPECTOR.
MS. PECK...
GO ON.
I-I WAS -- STEVE AND --
YOUR HONOR,
I'D LIKE TO SPEAK WITH YOU,
WITH MY COUNSEL,
AND THE PROSECUTION IN PRIVATE.
IF THIS IS
A STALLING TACTIC --
IT'S NOT, YOUR HONOR.
YOU'LL WANT TO HEAR
WHAT I HAVE TO SAY.
YOU'VE GOT FIVE MINUTES.
MS. PECK...
YEAH?
...YOU'RE DISMISSED
FOR THE TIME BEING.
DON'T GO ANYWHERE.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
DAD, WHAT HAPPENED?
Bill: HE CONFESSED.
HE TOOK A PLEA DEAL.
HE'S GONNA TESTIFY
AGAINST COMMISSIONER SANTANA
AND AIDAN KELLY
FOR A SLAP ON THE WRIST.
S-SO, THAT'S --
THAT'S GOOD.
YOU THINK
THAT'S GOOD, GAIL?
DO YOU? REALLY?
[ INDISTINCT WHISPERING ]
STEVE.
OH, HE HAS --
HE HAS NOTHING TO SAY TO YOU.
I'M NOT A REPORTER.
I'M HIS SISTER.
CAN YOU JUST
GIVE US A SECOND, PLEASE?
SURE.
PLEASE TELL ME
THAT EVERYTHING'S JUST --
IT'S GONNA BLOW OVER,
RIGHT?
NO, NO, IT'S NOT.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
I GOT MYSELF IN THE MIDDLE OF.
NO. OUR PARENTS AND SANTANA --
IT'S, UH...
[ SIGHS ]
I'M REALLY SORRY.
YEAH, ME TOO.
NEED A RIDE HOME?
I CAN'T GO HOME.
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING ]
HEY.
SHE SLEEPING?
UH, YEAH, AS LONG
AS I KEEP MOVING AROUND.
THE SECOND I LIE DOWN,
SHE WANTS TO PLAY.
YEAH. MUST BE TOUGH.
LOOK, ANDY, I'M...
SO SORRY
ABOUT LAST NIGHT, OKAY?
THAT'LL NEVER HAPPEN
AGAIN.
I'M JUST...TRYING
TO FIGURE IT OUT, YOU KNOW?
I KNOW. ME TOO.
[ ZIPPER CLOSES ]
ANY LUCK?
[ CHUCKLES ]
NO. NOT REALLY.
[ SIGHS ]
I CAN'T HELP BUT THINK,
WOULD IT JUST BE EASIER
FOR EVERYBODY IF I GOT
OUT OF TOWN FOR A BIT?
WELL, I DON'T THINK
THAT WOULD BE EASIER FOR SAM.
YOU KNOW,
AND IF IT WASN'T FOR YOU,
THE TWO OF US
WOULDN'T EVEN BE HERE.
LOOK, MY, UH --
MY SISTER'S COMING
TO STAY WITH ME
FOR A COUPLE WEEKS.
SO YOU AND SAM CAN SEE THE BABY
AS Ol-TEN AS YOU WANT.
AND I GOT TO START WORKING ON
BUILDING MY OWN LIFE, YOU KNOW?
[ BABY CRYING ]
OKAY.
WE GOT TO GET GOING.
BUT I'LL SEE YOU AROUND,
ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
OKAY.
EXCUSE ME. CAN YOU GO ANY
FASTER? I'M GONNA MISS MY PLANE.
[ SIGHS, CLEARS THROAT ]
[ SIREN WAILS, CHIRPS ]
OH. SERIOUSLY?
[ POLICE RADIO CHA'ITER ]
UNREAL.
[ KNOCK ON WINDOW ]
HI.
YOUR PHONE'S OFF.
I KNOW. I WAS IN COURT.
WHAT ARE -- IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
NICK, HOW DID YOU KNOW
THAT THIS WAS MY CAR?
I DIDN'T.
YOU'RE THE FOURTH AIRPORT LIMO
I'VE PULLED OVER.
WANT TO STEP OUT OF THE CAR
FOR ME, PLEASE, MA'AM?
UM...
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
LOOK, NICK, I'M -- I MEAN,
I'M GONNA MISS MY FLIGHT, SO --
DOESN'T MA'ITER. THERE'S
A MILLION FLIGHTS, RIGHT?
WHAT?
LOOK, JUST HEAR ME OUT.
YOU DID TRY
TO KEEP YOUR DISTANCE.
I DIDN'T LET YOU.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE PULLING AWAY
'CAUSE YOU WERE SCARED.
BUT IF I'M HONEST,
IT'S ME THAT WAS SCARED.
ME TOO.
YEAH?
YES.
YES, BUT I -- I STILL --
I WANT THIS TO WORK.
GOOD.
WELL, I'LL --
I'LL COME WITH YOU.
[ STAMMERS ]
I'LL MEET YOU THERE.
I'LL MEET --
I GOT TO PACK, ANYWAY.
OKAY.
GOOD. WE'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
* LOVER, COME ROUND
HEY.
* LIE WITH THE LAMB
THANK YOU VERY, VERY MUCH
FOR MEETING ME HERE.
* YOU'LL FIND
IT'S THE SLOW DANCE *
YEAH, NO PROBLEM.
* THAT HARBINGER OF ROMANCE
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
OH, YEAH, IT'S GREAT.
IT'S GREAT.
* YOU BARELY KEEP
THE WILD AT BAY *
WHAT HAPPENED?
* WHAT EASY PREY
WELL, I HAD, UM...
* YOU BARELY SEE
YOUR OWN BETRAY YOU *
...I HAD TWO STORIES
THAT I WAS GONNA TELL
IN COURT TODAY.
* WHEN THE DARK CAME
FOR MORE *
* SAME AS BEFORE
ONE WAS THE TRUTH,
AND THEN ONE WAS...
* OH, MY, MY
...LIKE --
WELL, IT WAS
FURTHER AWAY FROM THE TRUTH.
* I KNOW YOU WANTED
SOMETHING BAD *
AND I DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHICH ONE
I WOULD HAVE TOLD --
[ SIGHS ] --
HAD I BEEN
GIVEN THE CHANCE.
* YOU HAD TO KNOW
YOUR LUCK WAS *
AND I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THAT SAYS ABOUT ME AS A PERSON.
* LEAVING
* WHEN THE DARK CAME
FOR MORE *
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THE FAMILY...
* SAME AS BEFORE
...THE ONE THAT IS INTERESTED
IN ADOPTING SOPHIE?
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
* OH, MY, MY
THE MOTHER'S A TEACHER.
THE FATHER
IS A CONTRACTOR.
THEY LIVE IN THE SAME
NEIGHBORHOOD AS SOPHIE,
SO SHE WON'T
HAVE TO SWITCH SCHOOLS.
THEY HAVE ANOTHER ADOPTED CHILD,
TWO YEARS OLDER,
AND THEY'RE LOOKING
TO EXPAND THEIR FAMILY.
* WHEN I LOOK BACK
* IF I LOOK BACK,
I'LL BREAK THE RULES *
* THAT HASTEN MY REBELLION
[ GASPS ]
[Crying ]
THEY SOUND PERFECT.
* YOU BARELY KEEP
THE WILD AT BAY *
* WHAT EASY PREY
HEY, STILL HAVE YOUR KEY.
THOUGHT I'D COME BY.
YOU CAN TAKE
SOME MORE SHOTS AT ME
IN CASE YOU DIDN'T GET
YOUR FILL TODAY.
WHAT TIME'S
YOUR FLIGHT?
DON'T HAVE A FLIGHT.
OH, YEAH?
TAKING A TRAIN TO VANCOUVER?
I'M NOT TAKING THE TRAIN.
LOOK, I ONLY TOLD YOU ABOUT
THE OFFER TO GIVE YOU AN OUT.
GIVING ME AN OUT.
I DON'T WANT AN OUT.
I NEVER DID, OKAY?
I ALSO DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL LIKE CRAP,
BUT APPARENTLY THERE'S NOTHING
I CAN DO ABOUT THAT.
WELL, MAYBE WE SHOULD
STOP TALKING, YOU KNOW?
NO, NO, NO,
I'M HAPPY TO TALK, OKAY?
BUT I'M NOT GONNA TALK
TO YOUR BACK
AS YOU'RE RUNNING
OUT THE DOOR.
CLEARLY, I'M NOT RUNNING
OKAY, WELL, TALK THEN.
YOU TALK.
NO, YOU TALK!
OKAY.
THE ONLY REASON I EVER THOUGHT
I COULD BE A DAD
IN THE FIRST PLACE
IS BECAUSE OF YOU.
BEING WITH YOU
HAS CHANGED ME.
I'M A BETTER MAN...
WHICH MEANS
I MIGHT ACTUALLY BE ABLE TO
BE THE DAD
I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD BE.
AND I WANT TO SHOW THAT
TO YOU.
I WANT TO BE THAT...
WITH YOU.
SO PLEASE
DON'T GO AWAY AGAIN,
NOT FOR FIVE MONTHS
OR FIVE MINUTES, OKAY?
* I CAN'T HOLD YOU CLOSE,
AND I CAN'T HAVE YOU HERE *
SAM...I JUST...
* OR LET YOU GO
MISS YOU.
* OR KEEP YOU HERE
* AND I CAN'T CHANGE A THING
BUT I DON'T KNOW
HOW TO SAY THAT TO YOU
WITHOUT FEELING LIKE
I'M ASKING YOU
TO CHOOSE BETWEEN ME
AND YOUR FAMILY.
* AND I CAN'T CHANGE YOUR MIND
* OR SAVE THE DAY
OR GO BACK IN TIME *
[Voice breaking ]
ANDY MCNALLY,
YOU ARE MY FAMILY, OKAY?
* BECAUSE WHERE WE ARE
IS JUST WHERE WE ARE *
YES,
I LOVE THAT BABY.
* FALLING FARTHER FROM SO FAR
[Vorce breaking ] S0 DO I.
YEAH, WELL, I LOVE THAT BABY
SO MUCH THAT I WANT MORE BABIES.
* UNDERNEATH MORNING SHEETS
I WANT OUR BABIES.
WE'VE BOTH TRIED
RUNNING AWAY.
* TELL ME, TELL ME YOU NEED ME
WE'VE BOTH TRIED BEING
WITH OTHER PEOPLE,
BUT WE KEEP FINDING OUR WAY
BACK TO EACH OTHER.
SO LET'S PLEASE, ANDY,
TRY THE ONE THING WE HAVEN'T.
LET'S STAY TOGETHER.
I'M OBVIOUSLY GONNA STAY.
I LOVE YOU.
OKAY.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
[ SIGHS ]
* WHERE WE ARE
IS JUST WHERE WE ARE *
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
[ DOG WHIMPERS ]
THAT'S A GOLDENDOODLE.
YOU BOUGHT A PUPPY?
* FALLING FARTHER FROM SO FAR
I ORDERED IT SIX MONTHS AGO
AND GOT THE CALL THAT IT WAS
READY TO BE PICKED UP.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SO, BOO RADLEY,
MEET ANDY MCNALLY.
* UNDERNEATlIl/VlEllLENIGHT SHEETS
CLEARLY I CAN'T LEAVE NOW.
I GOT TO TAKE CARE
OF THIS GUY.
* TELL ME, TELL ME YOU NEED ME
[ SIGHS ]
CAN WE PLEASE GET MARRIED?
WE ARE.
FASTER?
OKAY.
OKAY?
* TELL ME, TELL ME YOU NEED ME
SHOULD WE TAKE
THIS LI'ITLE GUY FOR A WALK?
YEAH, WE CAN DO
WHATEVER YOU WANT.
WE'RE ALL YOURS.
[ DOG PANTING ]